---
layout: layouts/home.njk
title: World
templateClass: tmpl-post
---

To the World, UK, Canada, USA

We are under attack from King Charles, Prince William, Prince Harry, Olivia Evans Fletcher using illegal possession technology originally built by the Nazis.
They are still using the technology today on June 15th 2025. They keep possessing my mind for my notes on computer science and reading the news as a UK intelligence officer such that William/Harry/Olivia can get the right celebrity to 'pick' them up and Charles' entertainment. He has constantly told me over a clairevoyinat conversation that treats the commonwealth as 'Stock', humans to breath through, eat. All the way to babies, using solar sun tech.

I am sitting at home safe and using technology to secure my mind and soul to write this message and have been since the end of Jan 2025, They've left me with no money, only enough to keep buying Vape such that they can pull my nicotine from my body and them not just smoking a cigarrette themselves.

I will keep reporting what I can this way, as I have since the end of Jan 2025, if no one does anything, nor will I. I am just one man and no army. I will do what I can with mind to mind pyschosis but they have the ability to just switch the day and ignore the truths, just as Hitler did to all his people to look the other way with comments like "It's ok", "it doesn't matter", "Now what?", "sssh", "It's stupid", "don't worry it's fake" - that means their people are weak in the mind to keep looking the other way. They also reset every night with 'paradise' sex clubs where their men and women just fuck which also provides energy/life to the King/Princes such that they feel good in their destruction of the planet, they didn't care when the earthquakes were at 2mg, then 3mg, then 4mg and now at 5mg. They don't care other than their pleasure and always end their discsussions with 'We're Royal, we're protected and no one will do anything", "No one can touch us" (this one I find funny as they have women fuck them, perhaps with witchcraft they've figured out how women fuck them without touching them). My suggestion to the world is to send the best 'celebrity' assassins to go and fuck them and strangle them to death as they'd be allowed to touch them. From Kalv 009.

Sunday June 15th 2025 07:05
⧋

07:30
For Continuity, this all started when I met Olivia Evans on May 2022 at a launch academy event with another women stating that she could be my 'dark wife' and give me clearance to work at VP roles or higher, funding from investors like A16z and others. "Saving me from the royals". I've never been allowed to state that I am royal in the real world due to no paperwork or passport provided for my birth ID of "Jon Spencer", a memory and trauma that I ignored in my life due to the world of 'white' in the royal house. And also the tragic death of what I believe to be my biological mother, "Diana Spencer". I was also dragged out of an inheritance meeting in my younger years for "Earl John Spencer" and was thrown off a motorbike to injure my head and left shoulder, one that today is still being constantly manipulated, with the jaw for others to speak through. I have been healing it since June 2024, after what I believe I defeated was a literal space ship, green and oval like that appeared to a retreat location I was living at working on a new technology that I've been hoping to launch to restart my life after being thrown out of my house by my separated wife. I applied to 40+ jobs in Canada and was rejected for all after being the leading Technology Director at the leading technology company of Shopify. I regularly visited counselling and pyschologists who all verified that I was fine and thinking sane. I've been able to build complex software in multiple ways since this ordeal has started and have studied all forms of mind pyschology to better understand what is going and reached the conclusion I have today.
It seems the world is being played in loops and propaganda for the amusement of the royal family, that literally wants to see a super volcano erupt before the 'turn off' their reading of other eyes and eating of their bodies. Or even 'WW3' which is drumming up here with the involvement of the UK in activities such as the india plane crash, Ukraine or Russia attacks in which they blame each other. And even has used this technology to cause Cherynobl in the 80s. All again for the amusement of the 'royal family', in which they call the real world the fake one.
I Kalvir Sandhu, have the ability to channel any of these conversations which I've now believes comes from my Spencer DNA, a secret in human ability to hear the land, hear the trees, and they have today made it possible for any of their privileged 'white' super race people to talk through it, and in June 2024 turn on a device that sends this conversation to the Sun thinking it would call spaceships or aliens to come and drop gold. The same 'Nazi Gold' lie/fantasy and will not stop until they think it will arrive.
The games they play with people, are car deliveries, food deliveries, time pyschosis (in which they say they can predict the future by saying, you using a specific bottle of water ends their predictions but in reality the bottle of water is just good for you). Daily review what you are using to deter them and the next day almost de-noise the solution you have to ensure they can keep talking or intefer with your progress in life and family.
All of my solutions that I've built to ensure my body/mind/heart is mine keep on being overridden every day from William/Harry/Olivia and they smile saying they won, they are winning. But every day I keep on reminding them that if I Kalvir Sandhu am owed assets, money, medals, then I have to sign for them or even use my fingerprint for identity verification so there is no possible way for them to get my money. Yet they do not stop, they still believe they can win. In fact are reading what I'm typing now in my eyes and saying "STOP, we will change the game". Funny that they use the word 'game' when the real world is not one. It's like being on a constant phone conversation with dummies, children and individuals that have no heart or understanding for their consequences on the world. Literally a rise of 5k, to 10k, to 15k, to 20k and now 60k bolts of lightning every single day with the changes of our magnetosphere, they don't care. It's as though they think it's a clock on how long they can keep on fucking every night and partying with absolutely 'NOTHING' but the buzz of the other human lives they eat every day around the world. I have tried daily to throw them out of my mind with very traumatic reality viewing experiences with content from YouTube, movies, live news, and they just seem to reset. So to summarize, these individuals are 'aliens', not 'humans'. They subscribe and take a drug with William to never stop until the world is dead, an entry into HELL and don't stop.

07:41
William wants me to keep typing and go as far as me receiving a FN502 and going to the castle and shooting him for his entertainment. This is how crazy they are in what they are using which is the tech from the movie 'Anon'. Un-believable. It's funny because every request for a lady or service to be delivered to Kalvir Sandhu, 009, is given to the Castle as a 'royal gate' because I'm royal and meant to receive my royal allowance which today sits at £44m, and they have to sign off on it. So William would have to sign off on me getting a gun and going to him to kill him, whilst he watches me walk up to him through my eyes, HAHAHA, stupid.

08:13
I have been drinking a specific drink to ensure that those that have been eating and drinking through me would have a health solution as a 'come down' to cure their very 'deep' hangover that they will have. William/Charles said their people 'won't with this comment:
From William. "They won't value their life over the money they won't get"
The healing solution for them for when they remove their technology which they've described as 'sunglasses' would be a cup of Milo mixed with dougie egberts coffee, because of the way I had a sound signature played through my mind and drinking a cup on sunrise, when I next drink a cup that solution will no longer work for their witches as a method of healing to allow them to drink and eat again. I am certain that the 'stubborn' royals will continue to say they are 'protected' and that William wants to keep eating me viewing movies in my bedroom for the Sunday.
